packages/core/src/components/dropdown/readme.md, before:

# AnyDropdown



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Overview

Dropdown, also known as Select, is used to choose an item from a collection of options.

## Properties

| Property            | Attribute             | Description                                                                                    | Type      | Default                     |
| ------------------- | --------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | --------------------------- |
| `anyStyle`          | `any-style`           | Inline style of the element.                                                                   | `any`     | `null`                      |
| `anyTabIndex`       | `any-tab-index`       | Index of the element in tabbing order.                                                         | `number`  | `0`                         |
| `autoZIndex`        | `auto-z-index`        | Whether to automatically manage layering.                                                      | `boolean` | `true`                      |
| `baseZIndex`        | `base-z-index`        | Base zIndex value to use in layering.                                                          | `string`  | `"0"`                       |
| `clearIcon`         | `clear-icon`          | Icon class of the dropdown clear icon.                                                         | `string`  | `"fa-solid:times"`          |
| `disabled`          | `disabled`            | When present, it specifies that the element should be disabled.                                | `boolean` | `false`                     |
| `dropdownIcon`      | `dropdown-icon`       | Icon class of the dropdown icon.                                                               | `string`  | `"fa-solid:chevron-down"`   |
| `filter`            | `filter`              | When specified, displays a filter input at header.                                             | `boolean` | `false`                     |
| `hideAnimation`     | `hide-animation`      | Transition options of the hide animation.                                                      | `string`  | `"growUp"`                  |
| `inputId`           | `input-id`            | Identifier of the focus input to match a label defined for the component.                      | `string`  | ``any-dd-${dropdownIds++}`` |
| `name`              | `name`                | Name of the dropdown input.                                                                    | `string`  | `this.inputId`              |
| `optionLabel`       | `option-label`        | Name of the label field of an option                                                           | `string`  | `"label"`                   |
| `optionValue`       | `option-value`        | Name of the value field of an option.                                                          | `string`  | `"value"`                   |
| `options`           | --                    | An array of objects to display as the available options.                                       | `any[]`   | `null`                      |
| `panelScrollHeight` | `panel-scroll-height` | Height of the viewport in pixels, a scrollbar is defined if height of list exceeds this value. | `string`  | `"200px"`                   |
| `placeholder`       | `placeholder`         | Default text to display when no option is selected.                                            | `string`  | `null`                      |
| `readonly`          | `readonly`            | When present, it specifies that the element value cannot be changed.                           | `boolean` | `false`                     |
| `showAnimation`     | `show-animation`      | Keyframe name the show animation.                                                              | `string`  | `"growDown"`                |
| `showClear`         | `show-clear`          | When enabled, a clear icon is displayed to clear the value.                                    | `boolean` | `false`                     |
| `value`             | `value`               | Value of the dropdown list.                                                                    | `any`     | `null`                      |
| `virtualScroll`     | `virtual-scroll`      | When present, list virtual scroller is enabled.                                                | `boolean` | `false`                     |


## Events

| Event               | Description                                                   | Type               |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| `aOnBlur`           | Callback to invoke when dropdown loses focus.                 | `CustomEvent<any>` |
| `aOnClick`          | Callback to invoke when component is clicked.                 | `CustomEvent<any>` |
| `aOnFocus`          | Callback to invoke when dropdown gets focus.                  | `CustomEvent<any>` |
| `aOnPanelHide`      | Callback to invoke when dropdown overlay gets hidden.         | `CustomEvent<any>` |
| `aOnPanelHideStart` | Callback to invoke when dropdown overlay before gets hidden.  | `CustomEvent<any>` |
| `aOnPanelShow`      | Callback to invoke when dropdown overlay gets visible.        | `CustomEvent<any>` |
| `aOnPanelShowStart` | Callback to invoke when dropdown overlay before gets visible. | `CustomEvent<any>` |
| `valueChange`       | Callback to invoke when value of dropdown changes.            | `CustomEvent<any>` |


## Slots

| Slot             | Description                                                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `"item"`         | Represents individual items in the dropdown list. Use this slot to customize the appearance of each item in the list.                   |
| `"selectedItem"` | Represents the currently selected item in the dropdown. Use this slot to customize the appearance of the selected item in the dropdown. |


## Shadow Parts

| Part             | Description                          |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------ |
| `"any-dropdown"` | This refers to the actual component. |


## CSS Custom Properties

| Name                       | Description                     |
| -------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| `--inputDropdownIconColor` | The color of the dropdown icon. |


## Dependencies

### Used by

 - [dropdown-basic](../app-showcase/pages/dropdown/dropdown-basic)
 - [dropdown-disabled](../app-showcase/pages/dropdown/dropdown-disabled)
 - [dropdown-filter](../app-showcase/pages/dropdown/dropdown-filter)
 - [dropdown-template](../app-showcase/pages/dropdown/dropdown-template)
 - [dropdown-virtual-scroll](../app-showcase/pages/dropdown/dropdown-virtual-scroll)

### Depends on

- [any-overlay](../overlay)
- [any-listbox](../listbox)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  any-dropdown --> any-overlay
  any-dropdown --> any-listbox
  any-listbox --> any-checkbox
  any-listbox --> any-input-text
  any-listbox --> any-ripple-effect
  any-listbox --> any-virtual-scroller
  dropdown-basic --> any-dropdown
  dropdown-disabled --> any-dropdown
  dropdown-filter --> any-dropdown
  dropdown-template --> any-dropdown
  dropdown-virtual-scroll --> any-dropdown
  style any-dropdown fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with love by **AdaleksTech!***

Commit message:

Implemented showcase doc for input-text component

packages/core/src/components/dropdown/readme.md, after:

# AnyDropdown



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Overview

Dropdown, also known as Select, is used to choose an item from a collection of options.

## Properties

| Property            | Attribute             | Description                                                                                    | Type      | Default                     |
| ------------------- | --------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | --------------------------- |
| `anyStyle`          | `any-style`           | Inline style of the element.                                                                   | `any`     | `null`                      |
| `anyTabIndex`       | `any-tab-index`       | Index of the element in tabbing order.                                                         | `number`  | `0`                         |
| `autoZIndex`        | `auto-z-index`        | Whether to automatically manage layering.                                                      | `boolean` | `true`                      |
| `baseZIndex`        | `base-z-index`        | Base zIndex value to use in layering.                                                          | `string`  | `"0"`                       |
| `clearIcon`         | `clear-icon`          | Icon class of the dropdown clear icon.                                                         | `string`  | `"fa-solid:times"`          |
| `disabled`          | `disabled`            | When present, it specifies that the element should be disabled.                                | `boolean` | `false`                     |
| `dropdownIcon`      | `dropdown-icon`       | Icon class of the dropdown icon.                                                               | `string`  | `"fa-solid:chevron-down"`   |
| `filter`            | `filter`              | When specified, displays a filter input at header.                                             | `boolean` | `false`                     |
| `hideAnimation`     | `hide-animation`      | Transition options of the hide animation.                                                      | `string`  | `"growUp"`                  |
| `inputId`           | `input-id`            | Identifier of the focus input to match a label defined for the component.                      | `string`  | ``any-dd-${dropdownIds++}`` |
| `name`              | `name`                | Name of the dropdown input.                                                                    | `string`  | `this.inputId`              |
| `optionLabel`       | `option-label`        | Name of the label field of an option                                                           | `string`  | `"label"`                   |
| `optionValue`       | `option-value`        | Name of the value field of an option.                                                          | `string`  | `"value"`                   |
| `options`           | --                    | An array of objects to display as the available options.                                       | `any[]`   | `null`                      |
| `panelScrollHeight` | `panel-scroll-height` | Height of the viewport in pixels, a scrollbar is defined if height of list exceeds this value. | `string`  | `"200px"`                   |
| `placeholder`       | `placeholder`         | Default text to display when no option is selected.                                            | `string`  | `null`                      |
| `readonly`          | `readonly`            | When present, it specifies that the element value cannot be changed.                           | `boolean` | `false`                     |
| `showAnimation`     | `show-animation`      | Keyframe name the show animation.                                                              | `string`  | `"growDown"`                |
| `showClear`         | `show-clear`          | When enabled, a clear icon is displayed to clear the value.                                    | `boolean` | `false`                     |
| `value`             | `value`               | Value of the dropdown list.                                                                    | `any`     | `null`                      |
| `virtualScroll`     | `virtual-scroll`      | When present, list virtual scroller is enabled.                                                | `boolean` | `false`                     |


## Events

| Event               | Description                                                   | Type               |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| `aOnBlur`           | Callback to invoke when dropdown loses focus.                 | `CustomEvent<any>` |
| `aOnClick`          | Callback to invoke when component is clicked.                 | `CustomEvent<any>` |
| `aOnFocus`          | Callback to invoke when dropdown gets focus.                  | `CustomEvent<any>` |
| `aOnPanelHide`      | Callback to invoke when dropdown overlay gets hidden.         | `CustomEvent<any>` |
| `aOnPanelHideStart` | Callback to invoke when dropdown overlay before gets hidden.  | `CustomEvent<any>` |
| `aOnPanelShow`      | Callback to invoke when dropdown overlay gets visible.        | `CustomEvent<any>` |
| `aOnPanelShowStart` | Callback to invoke when dropdown overlay before gets visible. | `CustomEvent<any>` |
| `valueChange`       | Callback to invoke when value of dropdown changes.            | `CustomEvent<any>` |


## Slots

| Slot             | Description                                                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `"item"`         | Represents individual items in the dropdown list. Use this slot to customize the appearance of each item in the list.                   |
| `"selectedItem"` | Represents the currently selected item in the dropdown. Use this slot to customize the appearance of the selected item in the dropdown. |


## Shadow Parts

| Part             | Description                          |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------ |
| `"any-dropdown"` | This refers to the actual component. |


## CSS Custom Properties

| Name                          | Description                                                                                                                |
| ----------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--inputBgColor`              | The background color of the input field.                                                                                   |
| `--inputBorder`               | The border of the input field.                                                                                             |
| `--inputDropdownIconColor`    | The color of the dropdown icon.                                                                                            |
| `--inputErrorBorder`          | The border of the input field in case of an error.                                                                         |
| `--inputErrorBorderColor`     | The border color of the input field in case of an error, using the --errorColor variable.                                  |
| `--inputFilledBg`             | The background color of the input field when filled.                                                                       |
| `--inputFilledFocusBg`        | The background color of the input field when filled and focused.                                                           |
| `--inputFilledHoverBg`        | The background color of the input field when filled and hovered.                                                           |
| `--inputFocusBorderColor`     | The border color of the input field on focus, using the --primaryColor variable.                                           |
| `--inputHoverBorderColor`     | The border color of the input field on hover, using the --primaryColor variable.                                           |
| `--inputIconColor`            | The color of icons within the input field, using the --textColor variable.                                                 |
| `--inputPadding`              | The padding of the input field.                                                                                            |
| `--inputPlaceholderTextColor` | The text color of the input field placeholder.                                                                             |
| `--inputTextColor`            | The text color of the input field, using the --textColor variable.                                                         |
| `--inputTransition`           | The transition effect for the input field, involving border color and box shadow, using the --transitionDuration variable. |


## Dependencies

### Used by

 - [dropdown-basic](../app-showcase/pages/dropdown/dropdown-basic)
 - [dropdown-disabled](../app-showcase/pages/dropdown/dropdown-disabled)
 - [dropdown-filter](../app-showcase/pages/dropdown/dropdown-filter)
 - [dropdown-template](../app-showcase/pages/dropdown/dropdown-template)
 - [dropdown-virtual-scroll](../app-showcase/pages/dropdown/dropdown-virtual-scroll)

### Depends on

- [any-overlay](../overlay)
- [any-listbox](../listbox)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  any-dropdown --> any-overlay
  any-dropdown --> any-listbox
  any-listbox --> any-checkbox
  any-listbox --> any-input-text
  any-listbox --> any-ripple-effect
  any-listbox --> any-virtual-scroller
  dropdown-basic --> any-dropdown
  dropdown-disabled --> any-dropdown
  dropdown-filter --> any-dropdown
  dropdown-template --> any-dropdown
  dropdown-virtual-scroll --> any-dropdown
  style any-dropdown fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with love by **AdaleksTech!***
